but dancing right now it's Michelle
Vizag and her partner Giovani and it's
beliefs in my partner take on a routine
set in Italy when are you looking
forward to non veil or dvd requested
answer we've got one dance under our
belt so I feel like now we're challenged
because we did so well last week to hold
that standard each week if not progress
overall was a really good performance
Thank You Gio I'll get up on this now is
the next time I agree that's gone no
more ChaCha we are on to the next dance
which is the various rules one is the
first bone dance that we do every week
is a different character you know last
week was very sassy this week's to be
more elegant and sophisticated you're
looking for a transformation from my
kind of New York broad type of girl to a
very classy lady I'm gonna have to turn
it on because that really doesn't live
here that's heaven that's actually
heaven well done today Group L came into
my rehearsal and if you don't recognize
RuPaul out of drag how about RuPaul
Indra start your engines it's always
heartwarming being with my best friend
for even ten minutes I saw your cha-cha
it's perfection
second dance we're doing the Viennese
Waltz well there's an ointment for that
yeah
you don't have to suffer with Vietnamese
anymore I want to see a little bit of
your previous wall okay being away from
home for like a month now this is just
the touch of home that I needed that is
beautiful I love you baby so much I
cannot wait to see you on Saturday you
are going to tear it up I know it you're
right babe all right don't seem to be me
I shall design and furniture
[Music]
[Applause]
there's no reason Hartsville play
tippy-tippy-tay
[Applause]
when the start with you
when you danced on the street where the
cloud
[Music]
[Applause]
in a dream but you know
you
[Music]
[Applause]
you you just turned it on swapping stars
for class perfection well yeah now we've
got a VIP in the audience tonight your
best friend RuPaul bro did your girl do
good
[Music]
[Applause]
sorry you last week sassy sassy sassy
sassy this week feminine classy classy
classy just you're an independent lady
with your own balance your own timing
your own footwork and it fits just
lovely with him
keep working hard on the technique it'll
serve you well over the next six weeks I
think you're not going anywhere anytime
soon
[Applause]
but unless an eye dance is not just a
sequence of steps and movement is when
you're telling a story and I believe
every second of it
the interpretation that detail the
quality of movement it was beautiful my
darling you missed the last feet with
the kiss incredible
[Applause]
I mean last week you came in a bang and
this week the bang is back I mean that
your posture you stay so well in his
hand the timing you know even that oh I
felt that too the last piece you are
brilliant I love it I love it
[Applause]
[Music]
well
well dad you looks really blown away by
those comments cuz I know your work
ethic I mean you work so hard with
Giovanni but still it must feel knock
out when they say amazing cuz I never
hear from Gio so it's really nice I love
you too cuz you're like I love him don't
tell him you're like she's amazing job
it's quite bizarre and confused to ask
you about your daughter yeah I knew on
the launch show you said that they were
like Oh mortified mom what are you doing
I mean what did they think now I was
shocked last week when I got into my
dressing room and had a text from Lola
saying you did really happy so they're
watching and I'm thrilled
okay well done the scores are in ladies
and gentlemen the judges have their
scores krieg Revel Horwood 8 but see
Medusa
[Applause]
and Bruno Tonioli Hey
the leaderboards top of the leaderboard
[Music]